my darling Horace was rescued about five
months ago just like Harriet it's
thought his mum was hit by a car he was
just found sitting by her body he was
not even two weeks old he was very
traumatized very dehydrated and he's
made a really good recovery and he has
created this amazing life for himself at
Twala but as much as it's it's lovely
for her ass to have a server and a
daycare and a dog and domestic kittens
as friends it would be really good for
him to actually start learning about
being a monkey and this could be his big
chance another orphan has just arrived
at the centre this is Jackie she is also
a little bit younger than Horace she's
probably three and a half months old now
Hey
[Music]
Jackie lost her mum - and is still very
traumatized she's gonna need lots of
love and reassurance but if she can form
a relationship with Horace that would
also be great for her because obviously
the most comforting thing for her would
be to be with another monkey it's an
important meeting if they get on Horace
will help Jackie become more confident I
am right here Jackie so you don't need
to freak okay we can just do our own
thing okay
and Jackie will teach Horace what it's
like to play climb and learn with his
own kind
jamesy Jackie be nice
come on let's be friends oh oh good girl
well done Horace and you're being such a
gentleman I'm very proud of you
they are getting on so well you know
Mikey fit into everything and now what
we have to fold monkeys there's gonna be
no peace Horace and Jackie can now grow
up together here at swallow
and Sarah hopes that when they're older
they will join the Centers monkey troop
I do my best to teach them what what I
can but there is no better way for them
to learn then from each other
you